Document new routing priority behavior (#6386)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/core-concepts/routing.mdx

## Route Priority Order

It's possible for multiple routes to match the same URL path. For example all of these routes could match `/posts/create`:

<FileTree>
- src/pages/
  - [...slug].astro
  - posts/
    - create.astro
    - [page].astro
    - [pid].ts
    - [...slug].astro
</FileTree>

Astro needs to know which route should be used to build the page. To do so, it sorts them according to the following rules in order:

- More specific rotues (with more path segments) will take precedence over less specific routes. In the example above all routes under `/posts/` take precedence over `/[...slug].astro` at the root.

> - Static routes without path parameters will take precedence over dynamic routes. `/posts/create.astro` takes precedence over all the other routes in the example.
> - Dynamic routes using named parameters take precedence over rest parameters. `/posts/[page].astro` takes precedence over `/posts/[...slug].astro`.
> - Pre-rendered dynamic routes take precedence over server dynamic routes.
> - Endpoints take precedence over pages.
> - If all the above doesn't decide the order, routes are sorted alphabetically based on the default locale of your Node instalation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Static routes without path parameters will take precedence over dynamic routes. E.g. `/posts/create.astro` takes precedence over all the other routes in the example.
- Dynamic routes using named parameters take precedence over rest parameters. E.g. `/posts/[page].astro` takes precedence over `/posts/[...slug].astro`.
- Pre-rendered dynamic routes take precedence over server dynamic routes.
- Endpoints take precedence over pages.
- If none of the rules above decide the order, routes are sorted alphabetically based on the default locale of your Node installation.
```

Some typo fixes here, and perhaps add "E.g." to the examples, or something along the lines of that?
